docs(kic): add konnect integration troubleshooting section (#7853)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/reference/troubleshooting.md

{{ site.kic_product_name }} provides Kubernetes Events to help understand the state of your system. Events occur when an invalid configuration is rejected by {{ site.base_gateway }} (`KongConfigurationApplyFailed`) or when an invalid configuration such as an upstream service that does not exist is detected (`KongConfigurationTranslationFailed`)..

For more information, see [Events](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{ page.release }}/production/observability/events/).

### Debugging Konnect integration

{{ site.kic_product_name }} needs to communicate with the Konnect cloud APIs to provide the [integration](/konnect/gateway-manager/kic). 
If you encounter an issue with that, you should first inspect logs from {{ site.kic_product_name }} to identify the root cause.

> From {{ site.kic_product_name }} v3.3.0, KIC logs every failed request/response's details (method, URL, status code) it
> receives from Konnect. Also, if you set the `LOG_LEVEL` to `trace`, {{ site.kic_product_name }} will log _every_
> request/response details it receives from Konnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, KIC logs the details for every failed request and response (method, URL, status code) it
receives from {{ site.konnect_short_name }}. If you set the `LOG_LEVEL` to `trace`, {{ site.kic_product_name }} will log the details for _every_ request and response it receives from {{ site.konnect_short_name }}.
```

Here is an example of a failed request/response log entry:
```text
Request failed  {"x_b3_traceid": "66c731200000000034ce3297e8e64544", "x_b3_spanid": "4e6955874299011d", "x_datadog_trace_id": "3805034363203503428", "x_datadog_parent_id": "5650141246939267357", "v": 0, "method": "GET", "url": "https://us.kic.api.konghq.tech/kic/api/control-planes/81bc4af5-ed3c-40b4-bb88-b5a05fbe34a1/oauth2?size=1000", "status_code": 404}
```

> If your issue requires further investigation on the Konnect side, please attach logs with tracing information to your support ticket.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your issue requires further investigation on the {{ site.konnect_short_name }} side, attach logs with tracing information to your support ticket.   

{% endif_version %}
```
